docs: add quickstart and use-case examples, consolidate user docs (#276)
kubernetes-sigs/dra-driver-cpu: docs/user/device-attributes.md

# Device Attributes and Selectors

Every CPU device the driver publishes carries topology attributes that claims can select on

> with [CEL expressions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/dynamic-resource-allocation/#device-selectors).

Reviewer: nit, wrong link?

```suggestion
Every CPU device the driver publishes carries topology attributes that claims can select on
with [CEL expressions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/cel/).
```

Author: Thanks> Fixed.
